docs(llms): UX guidance for T–Z components (#4549)
coveo/react-vapor: packages/llms/src/components/Textarea.md

- When the content is structured (e.g. a list of values, tags) — use `Chip`, `Collection`, or `MultiSelect`.
- When rich text formatting is required — use `CodeEditor` or an external rich-text editor, not `Textarea`.

## Decision-making guidance

- Default `rows` is sufficient for most use cases; only increase it when the expected content is substantially longer (e.g. a legal disclaimer or a full message body).
- Enable `autosize` when the amount of text is unpredictable and you want the field to grow with the user's input rather than scroll internally; pair with `minRows` and `maxRows` to keep the layout bounded.
- Set `resize="none"` in constrained layouts (e.g. inside cards or narrow panels) where user resizing would break the surrounding design.
- `clearable` is not a prop on `Textarea`; to allow clearing, provide a separate clear button or use a controlled value.

## States

- **Default** — editable, showing `placeholder` when empty.
- **Disabled** — visually dimmed; interaction is blocked. Use when the field is not applicable in the current context.

> - **Read-only** — displays the value without allowing edits. Use when the value must be visible but not changeable (e.g. a generated summary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Read-only** — displays the value without allowing edits. Use when the value must be visible but not changeable (e.g. the user lacks permissions to edit).
```

Author: Applied ✅
